[checkbox] reimplement expo-checkbox in javascript (#13510)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/checkbox.md

import PlatformsSection from '~/components/plugins/PlatformsSection';
import SnackInline from '~/components/plugins/SnackInline';

> **`expo-checkbox`** provides a `boolean` input element for all platforms. If you are looking for a more flexible checkbox component, please see our  [guide to implementing your own checkbox](../../../ui-programming/implementing-a-checkbox.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`expo-checkbox`** provides a basic `boolean` input element for all platforms. If you are looking for a more flexible checkbox component, please see the [guide to implementing your own checkbox](/ui-programming/implementing-a-checkbox.md).
```
